[Music]
Hello my dearest lovers of the
heart How are you? I hope you're
having a spectacular day I hope
you're doing well enjoying yourself packing your
bags to rest for the
weekend and whatever you're working on and those of you who
have to work on the
weekend well we're here too to
keep you company and make the
days go by more pleasantly and the hours better
Likewise, you already know that I send you
all a hug and that the thing about
YouTube is that you can listen to us
whenever you want and when you have a gap
and that way you'll always be informed I'm going to
comment on I think the most powerful part
of yesterday's live broadcast by Antonio David
Flores and that is that he did speak out about the
cover of Lecturas magazine I'm going to
give you my opinion and my interpretation of
it and I'm going to tell you what
Antonio David said the other day and I was also
discussing it with Marina because you thought that he was
n't going to speak out Or
deny anything and I honestly
saw this as the typical good guy the typical
information on Cantona Bicicleta he uses
his YouTube channel to talk about
this and to deny it or to clarify it
or to say whatever no and I was not
wrong I was not wrong
anyway I tell you I think that Anthony has
understood something
different than what I believe but now I
tell you First of all please
ask you all to subscribe to the
Channel click the
subscribe button click the like click
share and of course I open a debate in
the comment box so that you can give your
opinion on everything we are
talking about okay if you like first I am going to
put the extract of Antonio David let's
listen to what he said and I will comment on it
below okay that
cover and that article
is absolutely false it
is clear absolutely false
none of what is there I have
said
and it is absolutely false
with respect to what they say about Olga I
also want it to be clear it
is completely false
Olga would never do that it is
clear I
announce that I am going to sue them now so that it is
clear also
to command
and let's see if they have the balls to find out
Who is the source and that they protect themselves behind
their professional secrecy and that  don't reveal
the source but I'll take Luis Pliego
forward. Let's
see, here I have to clarify an opinion
that I have and the other day we were
talking about it too because many people
have understood it in a way that is not the
same as I understand it. Let's see the
cover of the magazine Reading is the
following exclusive Olga and Rocio Antonio
David destroys their relationship he told his
daughter that Olga had been unfaithful to him
on this cover he is not accusing her neither
on the cover nor inside okay because I have
read it Olga is not being accused of being
unfaithful but not directly or
indirectly because there are people who
tell me No but they let it fall they sow
doubt no no I don't
know why you have understood it like this
at no time is
Olga being accused of being unfaithful or anything further
from reality, I mean really read
calmly what they have published
Antonio David
destroys his relationship he told his daughter
that Olga has been unfaithful
they are not accusing Olga of being unfaithful
they are telling you here that they
are surely making up
okay But hey it's one's word
against another  of the other at the moment Antonio is
lying But what they are telling you here
is that Antonio David Once he
begins to separate from Olga to
stir up [ __ ] between Olga and Rocío Flores and to
stop talking to each other also
to hurt Olga or whatever the reason
is Antonio David tells Rocío Flores
that Olga has been unfaithful to him the first
cuckold was me okay But what
lectura is saying It's not that it's true what lectura
is telling you is that
Antonio David made it up to
hurt Olga It's that many of you are
understanding this as if the magazine
is making Olga up as unfaithful and I've
seen it in a lot of what I've seen
Even on YouTube channels and in a
lot of people in the audience, it's not
that, in other words, the magazine lectura is not making her up
as unfaithful it's making Antonio
David up as manipulative with the children to
square it with Rocío Carrasco's story
if you remember the whole story of
Rocío Carrasco it's not that she is a bad
mother who doesn't feel like talking to her
children and such but that the father
has turned the children against her  of the
mother I
mean the lectura magazine
all the news that it has been releasing since
2021 until today is in
line with the fact that time is supposed to be
confirming what
Rocio Carrasco has already said, that's why they only
give the news that is
beneficial to the image of Rocío
Carrasco, okay, they don't give any news that
is negative for Rocío Carrasco,
for example, the lawsuits that
Antonio David wins, the indictment that they are
asking Rocío Carrasco for, the year in
prison,
the trials that she loses with Olga, they do
n't tell all of that in the lectura magazine
because they want to go with good in first
place because they are a Rocío Carrasco fan club pamphlet
and right now they are the
vassals of Rocío Carrasco and the
television factory and they are not there to
inform, they are simply there to clean up
the image of Rocío Carrasco, while
by the way, Antonio David also told it yesterday,
while Rocío Carrasco has not
taken the lawsuits from lectura,
the factory of the Telecinco theory has taken them away,
but reading still
has him sued, okay, so that  they
still have to still have them
well grabbed by the very same no but
I hope that what I
'm explaining to you is clear, I mean let's see are
n't they putting something unfaithful you
have to take into account what
the other one said in the live if it were true I mean yes if it
were true that Olga was
unfaithful
no Rocío Flores has every right to be
angry with her you understand I mean
the father tells her daughter Both her
right to tell her is her
trusted daughter she is not her right hand she
tells everything Then she would be within her
right to tell her and Rocío Flores has
every right to fart with her that
then there are people who come to me daughter to
say but then Rocío can get
angry with Olga but the father
can go with Marta family what is that no that there is no that there is
no infidelity on
Olga's part let's not get into that
debate that here what
the reading magazine is selling you is not that Olga is
unfaithful that is not what they are saying what they are
telling you is that Antonio
warns he made it up  to stir up trouble between
the daughter and Olga so they stop talking, it
doesn't add up, like I told you two
months ago. What was the fight? I mean, I have
more than confirmed information and
I already told you how the fight was
brewing between the two of them, okay,
but they just made this up
somewhere, aren't there people who have
the theory that Olga's friends
have leaked it to these people? No,
but I think this is just
made up. It's just that this doesn't come from
anywhere, you know, but
anyway, they're doing this to make it
seem like Antonio David is turning his
children against
his good friend in the past with Rocío Carrasco
and now with Olga. Okay, so this
is actionable. I'm not a jurist or a
lawyer, but I personally do
n't know if this is actionable, sorry,
if you want to hear something different.
But this is what I'm telling you, they're not
charging anyone with a crime, nor are they
violating their privacy or their honor in
this sense because, let's
see, honor, I don't know if it could damage
honor by saying that it's something worthwhile in
court. I don't  I see it okay maybe
if you do a compilation of other series
of things that have been said in reading there I
think they could sue some
things okay but basing a
specific lawsuit on this headline only in
this article this week being the
character who is exposed in the way
that is exposed and so on I have my
doubts that that would have much scope
anyway as I tell you I am not a
lawyer or jurist or anything like that
surely his lawyer Antonio vi who is
wonderful and is a crack Well now
perfectly Who has to sue
and who not Who is interested Who is
not worth it but I tell you there are
many people who are
misunderstanding there are many people who are
misunderstanding and it is not because I am defending reading
because what they are doing is disgusting
or rather what they are always doing is
manipulating lying and being a
fan club pamphlet of Rocío Carrasco okay but
man I like things to be
understood well and
explained to you okay they are not trying to
paint Olga as an unfaithful what
Antonio David is trying to paint as a
father who uses his children to
attack his ex-partners And in this  in case they
would be making up that Olga is unfaithful
with him to play the victim and to
turn the children against him okay
this is what they would want to square with
with the story of Rocio Carrasco no that you
have to see that Rocio Carrasco is such a good
mother and that she has been left without her
children because Antonio David has turned them
against okay this also
today would be a crime because today it is
completely
reportable that one of the parents
speaks badly to him when separated or
divorced from the other parent okay and
starts a fight and all these things that's why they
do it so I don't know I don't know I
am judicially it would be necessary to have
a compilation of all of all
the covers and all the roll but I
tell you let's see what is
going on but for the moment here
personally I don't know if you will
agree with me
personally here I believe
Antonio's word from the magazine lectura
because it doesn't fit with the
information that I handle with what they have
cost me other
people have told me anyway they told me that they
fought  two because Olga denied having been
with Agustín and suddenly she
found out that she was with him. Vale and she didn't
take the lie well, more than anything. The
lie, but oh well, family, I'm opening the debate.
The comment box. I'll be reading you.
I send you a huge hug and until the
next video.
[Music]